# CS210-Project-3

Project 3 to create an item-tracking program for the Corner Grocer that should have all the features such as creating a list of each item a customer purchased that day, along with the number of times they did so. Make a number that represents the regularity with which a specific item was purchased on a given day. Create a text-based histogram that lists every item the customer purchased that day, along with the number of times each item was purchased. 
It was simpler to write Python code and link it with C++. The C++ code resembled the module 6 assignment since using the switch function provided me an idea of how to use the built-in function for case to produce the 1, 2, 3, and 4 options. A menu that accepts user input between 1-4 is produced by the menu function. Based on user input, the appropriate Python function will then be invoked. To put it another way, a user input of 1 will produce a list of uncommon phrases together with their frequency, a user input of 2 will look up a single item's frequency, a user input of 3 will produce a histogram of each item's frequency, and a user input of 4 will finish the program. This code is tough to write down because Python and C++ are combined, so I believe the planning of the code needs to be greatly improved. I believe I should write about it in a different way in the future. Understanding the C++ code was difficult due to the layout requirements. The challenging aspect for me was probably looking up the item and connecting those elements so that I could print them out with a histogram. Most of the code was discovered with the aid of Google. The final result was obtained using a variety of codes. The knowledge I gained from working on this project would be how to connect Python and C++. the program that links C++ and Python. The switch button's use and how C++ handles scenarios rather than utilizing if or else statements. The usage of transferring data from a text file and how it may be used was the second skill I learned from this project. I improved the readability of the program by calling output, return, description, example, and output comments. In order for anyone reads it to better understand what I was going to perform in that function, I explained it. In every line of code, I used an in-line comment.
